<Findings>
CMIS Leadership and Teaching Staff use curriculum that is comprehensive and sequentially documented  that can be modified as needed to address current educational research and thinking, relevant international/community issues, and the needs of all students.
CMIS Leadership Team strongly believes that at the core of a rigorous, engaging, coherent curriculum are research-based standards. The  CMIS Teaching Staff use multiple, comprehensive, and appropriately sequenced standards that inform and provide the foundation of our curricular decisions (see section entitled, Academic Standards in Each Area). 
The 2013-2014 academic year saw a great deal of change to the standards (which impact curricular decisions) as the CMIS Teaching Staff, with the support of the Leadership Team adopted new standards in ELA, mathematics, and science, as well as finalizing the adoption of all other content standards (i.e. physical education, social studies, health, fine arts, world languages). 
The adoption of these standards, especially in ELA, mathematics, science, and 9-12 history  reflect significant shifts in conceptual understanding of the content, have major implications on instruction and assessment, and illuminate real increases in depth of knowledge and rigor. All curricular decisions would have to be made based upon these new realities. Furthermore, CMIS has begun to view our adopted standards as the bedrock of all unit creation and planning. Standards also continue to help guide appropriate instruction and ensure rigor. 
Because of these conceptual shifts, the 2014-2015 saw a strong focus on professional development topics relating to the difference between curriculum and standards, and the shared responsibility of the CMIS Literacy Standards. Teachers, community members, and administrators were involved in multiple discussions and the CMIS Leadership Team believed this was an appropriate starting point for teachers and community members to begin understanding the standards and curriculum. 
Because of the adoption of the CMIS Literacy Standards, a great deal of training during the 2014-2015 school year focused on the ELA standards. Currently, all curriculum decisions, including resource/curriculum purchasing, must adhere to our standards with fidelity. All reading and writing curriculum decisions are based on ensuring appropriate complexity, balancing informational text, reading in the disciplines, and academic vocabulary (for reading). Writing from sources and appropriate text types are required for writing curriculum decisions. 
<Evidence>
PTG Curriculum, Professional Development \href{https://drive.google.com/a/cmis.ac.th/folderview?id=0ByVFfrm0zfolWE0yenprdktGVlk&usp=sharing}{Folder} 
<Findings>
Since curricular decisions should be made using clear standards and student outcomes as a guide, a new Curriculum Review Cycle/Resource Adoption strategic plan had to be developed and implemented. The most important elements of the Curriculum Review process are the specific evaluations tools, rubrics, and vetting instruments that have been developed and used to narrow down vendors and products for curricular and resource materials. CMIS Leadership also provides the necessary time and space required for teacher collaboration in vetting and evaluation of curricular items. 
Science curriculum was the first content to be vetted and evaluated based upon the Curriculum Review Cycle; science curriculum was purchased during the 2015-2016 school year. As with ELA curriculum decisions, science saw significant conceptual changes with the adoption of the the Next Generation Science Standards. Because of this, CMIS Leadership, developed vetting and evaluation instruments to ensure curriculum and resource alignment with the standards, as well as rigor and student engagement. This year, Mathematics undertook the same curriculum vetting process and ELA/social studies will be reviewed next year. 
In order to ensure that the resources we purchase outside of the normal adoption cycle are of the highest quality and they meet our three general criteria of: is it aligned to the standards? Is it rigorous? and is it engaging? Resource Request and Resource Renewal forms were developed and implemented. 
The past two years have also focused on the research-based planning tool Understanding by Design (UbD) as the primary framework for unit/curriculum development. A group of teachers attended a UbD workshop March 2014 and were encouraged by the process. In October, 2014, CMIS was fortunate to have UbD consultant Elizabeth Rossini provide a two-day, 15 hour professional development workshop on UbD essentials. Subsequent mini workshops have also been provided in targeted areas of UbD development; both expert teachers and the CMIS Leadership team have been involved in the development and delivery. Teachers are required to develop and submit at least two UbD units per year, with some departments requiring more. The UbD units for 2015-2016 have reflected the prior year’s professional development focus. In that, they have been central to ensuring that the literacy shifts and standard alignment have been met. CMIS Leadership team believe strongly in applying our professional development focus in everyday instruction and assessment; CMIS UbD units is one way to achieve this. 
The CMIS Google Drive is the primary method of organizing and archiving  of the curricular units. The Drive along with the the CMIS Teacher Dashboard, found on the school website, is a place where teachers can access these resources. The Dashboard also contains the CMIS Standards Blueprints. Teacher feedback and anecdotal evidence suggested that greater alignment of the UbD units to the standards would be possible if the teachers had a general blueprint or pacing guide to help them visualize and map the whole year of standards. Department and grade level teams began the blueprint work at the beginning of the 2015-2016 year. All core subjects, with the exception of K-5 ELA and mathematics, have been completed. 
ELA blueprints posed a challenge as standards are addressed all year long. In order to address this challenge, small groups were scheduled for focused professional development using the Partnership for Assessment of Readiness for College and Careers (PARCC) ELA Model Frameworks. Collaboration time was given to ELA teachers in grades 6-12 to complete this work. The CMIS Professional Development team has scheduled these same professional development opportunities for K-5 during the 2016-2017 school year. 
The combined teamwork of all stakeholders: the CMIS Leadership Team, the community, outside research, vetted educational organizations, and, most importantly,  the teachers themselves, ensure that CMIS staff at all levels stay current in educational research. 
